Henry: Previously,
on Henry Danger...
- I'll just set my time machine.
- Hello Time Jerker!
- How could you have
accidentally released
one of the FBI's
most dangerous criminals--
- You!
- Drex.
- Why don't you
just tell Henry
that Drex used to be
your sidekick?
- Schwoz!?
- You had a sidekick?
Before me?
- Drex no!
- And now the viral video
everyone's talking about.
- Spanky, spanky,
spank your butt all day--
- Hey, will you
turn that off?
- I'm ready to test
the time machine.
- Ahh!!
[ all chanting ]
KARVOO SIRACHA
CHURIZZO MOO-SAKA.
- Now we have to test you.
- It's your new power.
- You have super fast reflexes.
- Peek a Boo!
- ♪ Spanky, spanky,
spank your butt ♪
♪ Doo da
Doo da ♪
- Uh, yeah, and I still
hate your face.
Ya hear that, Drex?
Ohhhhhh wait,
I forgot
that you can't
talk or move...
haha hehe ha...
which probably
makes it kinda hard
for you to dodge
my spit wad!
Ha!
- Hey, what's up guys?
Do you guys know
what time Dog Judge--
- Ahhhhhhhh!!!
Hurry! It's about to start!
Somebody turn on
Dog Judge!
Ugh...
- Hey--gimme those
eight-volt batteries?
- Yeah, sure--here.
- What do you need
eight-volt batteries for?
- For my vibrating soap.
- But why wou--
Nevermind.
Ah, dark nougat!
- Sup?
- These are
seven-volt batteries!
These won't
make soap vibrate!
- Sorry, I thought
they w--
- Jasper,
are you upstairs?
Jasper: Yes sir!
- Since Henry hates me
and wants my soap
to be perfectly still...
- Soap doesn't need to move.
- Will you please go down
to Storage Facility J
and get me a pack
of eight-volt batteries.
- Aye aye, Captain.
- Why ya gotta be
an embarrassment?
- Ooo, look!
Dog Judge!
- Yeah baby!.
- I love Dog Judge!
- All right, watch your head.
- What are you doing?
- Your head's in the way
Move your head
- Do you know how to
sit down in a chair?
- Do you know how
to move your head?
[ theme music plays ]
♪ Who is the dog ♪
♪ That can fetch a bone
called justice, man? ♪
[ bark ]
♪ That's a gooood boy ♪
- That's funny.
- Ha ha!
- Okay...
Eight-volt batteries...
now where would you be?
Ooo, Loony Whiz!
Hey, Drex...
Whaa ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Now your pants are loony!
And whizzed!
- There's no way
that my client--
- We interrupt this
program for breaking news.
- What!
- Nooo!
- Hey, I'm Trent Overunder.
Mary is out sick today.
- Uh, I'm right here.
- Breaking news.
The Swellview clock tower
is ten seconds fast.
Since it's impossible
to adjust the clock,
Vice Mayor Willard
has decided to shut down
the power in Swellview
for exactly ten seconds,
and then turn it back on.
- Wow.
Tick Tok about a great idea.
- They're shutting down
the power to this whole city?!?
- We live in this city!
- Now...we want to
give you plenty of warning
before the power goes out.
But w--
- Ahh!
What happened to the lights?
- Ahhh, what's
touching my neck?!?
[Schwoz giggles]
Schwoz!!!
- Wh...ah!
Drex?!?
Where'd you go?!?
And where's my can
of Loony Whiz?!?
- Boo.
- Ahhh!
He-hey-hey
g-gimme that back.
- Next--your head.
- Uhh....ahhh...
[ liquid trickles ]
- Ewww!
Gross!
- N-no, don't worry!
It's just...
Apple juice--
from my leg thermos!
It always leaks.
[ computer beeping ]
- Oh my god.
- What?!?
- When the electricity
went out,
Drex's containment
unit lost power!
- Drex is free?!?
- But dude you sent
Jasper down there
to get batteries
for your dumb vibrating soap!
- Well I had to because
you got the WRONG batteries!
- Why would anyone
want their soap to vibrate?!?
- It tells my body dirt
that I mean business!
- Guys! Just go help Jasper!
- Oh. Yeah okay!!!
- On it!!!
- Down the tube!!!
- Down the tube!
- Why am I always duct taped?
- Ha ha!
[ beeping ]
Here we go.
Yeah!
- Jasper!
- Mmmmm!!!
- Oh, look--
it's Ray and Henry.
- You're not going
anywhere, Drex.
There's two of us,
and one of you.
- Oh no!
Then I guess you have
me trapped here.
Ha ha!
- The Time Jerker's time portal.
- Get away from that thing.
- Mmmm-no,
I don't think I will.
- DREX!
- GET AWAY FROM IT!!!
- NO ONE
CONTROLS ME!!!!
- I WON'T PLAY WITH YOU!
I WILL END YOU!
- Hello everyone.
- Not now!
- Schwoz!
- Shut up!
- Oh my.
- All right now...
- Looks like
my ride's here.
Well this has been fun.
See ya some other time.
- NOO!!!
- No no no.
- Ahh!
- Oh.
- He got away!!!
- Not for long!!
- Yeah, you guys
gotta go get him.
- C'mon Kid...
let's go back in time...
- To fight some crime?
- You let me finish the rhymes!
- Sorry.
- Now listen:
while we're gone,
make sure that you
protect this time portal.
- And don't watch
Dog Judge without us.
- Ahhh!
- Hyah!
- Whoa!
Okay...
we should probably
make sure that this thing
stays on while--
Ahh!
- Mmm!
- It all just kinda happened.
I wanted an after-school job.
But then,
an indestructible superhero
hired me to be his sidekick.
- Ah!
- Now we blow bubbles...
and fight crime.
Feels good.
[ theme music ]
- Call it.
- Up the tube!
- Aw, my boot!
- Ha!
[ music ]
- Over here!
Look this way!
Step right up and gaze
at my root beer bottles!
The finest root beer bottles
in all of Swellview!
Hey, young man--
ya want me to take
a photograph of you--
with my root beer bottles?
- I'd love that!
- All right,
just stand right here--
- How'd you guys
do that?!?
- I'll tell ya how!
They're witches!
Witches I tell ya!
- Uhhh..
- Okay, alright
we're not "witches."
- Not witches.
- We're guys, so...
- Right. I don't know
why would you thought--
[ blows whistle ]
- Security!
We got witches!
Witches!!!
- C'mon, Kid--
we gotta go find Drex.
- Yeah yeah but dude...
Where are we?
The future or the past?
- I don't know.
Uhh let's see...
Looks like the 1950's.
- Uhh, no,
looks like the 1970's.
- Maybe?
- But wait wait wait,
that looks like 1960s.
- Oh my g--
What's going on, Henry?!?
What is going on?!?
- Fod Fest.
- Uh...
And "Fod Fest"
to you, too.
- Good Fod Fest.
- Noooo.
Today is "Fod Fest"--
"The Festival of Decades."
- Ohhhhhh.
- Ahhhhhh.
- Okay.
- And uh...
so, what year is it,
actually?
- Yeah, I mean like,
what year is it like...
like right now?
- It's 1989.
- 1989!
- I who knew it's 89.
- I loved it.
- Yeah, I love it now.
- I love being here.
- Good year that we're in.
- In the moment.
- Now go on,
get outta here.
- Yeah we got
all we need from you.
It's 1989,
and we have no idea where--
- There look!
- Drex!
- How dare he buy a snow cone,
here in the past!
- Jerk.
- Let's go get him.
- Let's go.
- That's them!
There they are!
Look!
Right there!
Them's the witches!
- Is that true?
You guys witches?
- No.
- Well this guy
says you're witches.
- Hey, look, we will
explain the whole thing..
Right behind
those berry bushes.
- Okay. Let's go talk
behind the bushes.
- Alright let's go.
- Oh okay, let's go.
You know you guys got
nothin' to worry about.
- I don't even
know any witches.
- He's a little loco
if you ask me.
- Have you ever had
a severe head injury?
- Ahh!
[ thuds ]
Ray: Okay, that's done.
Henry: Felt good!
- Alright now c'mon,
we gotta go take care of...
uh oh.
- Where's Drex!?!
Announcer: Security!
All security
to the berry bush area!
- C'mon, we better
get outta here.
- What about Drex?!?
- We'll get Drex later!
Let's go!
- Go!
Go where dude?!?
It's 1989, we have no
idea where we..?!?
- I know exactly
where we can go!
We can go to--
- Oh my god!!!
- What?!?
What?
- Hey!
- Look how big
phones were in the 80's!
- What the--!
- Gah dang it Henry!
- Oh!
- Come on.
- Mmmm-hmmm...
oh yoy yoy...
- Schwoz,
will you just hurry up
and FIX the time portal?
- Daaang girl,
why you stressin'?
- I'm stressing because
if he can't fix it,
we may never see
Ray or Henry ever again!
- If that happens,
can I sleep
in Captain Man's bed?
[electric buzzing]
- Okay...
- Can you fix the Time Portal?!?
- Yes and no.
- Well...?
- Which is it?
- No.
I mean, I could if we had
a little bit of zeridium.
- Nuh-uh, no way.
I promised my mom I wouldn't
try any of that stuff
'til I get to college.
- Nooo, see...
zeridium is a powerful
radio-active substance.
And it's against the law
to have here, in America.
- I'm gonna look up zeridium.
- Yeah, I don't care.
- Why do you need stuff
that's illegal
and radio-active
to fix the time portal?
- Because, for time travel,
you need lots
and lots of energy--
and zeridium
is extremely powerful.
- Then go get some.
- Ulch, how you expect me
to get zeridium?!?
You want I should go
to Radio Active Shack
and ask the stupid person
at customer service,
"Yo man, where's
the zeridium at?"
- Hey,
listen to this news story
from six years ago...
- Yeah, okay.
"Toy company, Jazz-Bro,
"has announced a recall
of its popular doll,
"Gloey Zoey,
"after an investigation
revealed
"that the doll's bright glow
was powered by
radio-active zeridium."
- So?
- So, Piper has
a Gloey Zoey doll.
- Henry's sister?
- Yeah!
The government tried to
take it away from her,
so she buried it
in her backyard.
- Do you think you could
find the doll again,
in Henry's backyard?
- Sure.
But Piper's not gonna
let us take it.
- Why not?
- 'Cuz she's mean.
- 1989
- We belong in college.
Dorm room life,
am I right?
- See you in the quad!
- What's up bro?
- Freshman fifteen?
No shame in that.
- Awesome. Awesome.
- All right.
- Okay, looks like
this is his dorm room.
So be cool.
- I'm always cool.
- Ah!
- Sorry.
- Yah?
Whatchoo guys need?
- Whoa Schwoz,
uhh nice, nice hair!
- How do you know my name?
- 'Because, uh...
look...can we come in
for a second?
- Yeah we uh, we really
need to talk to you.
- W...nooo,
I don't know you guys.
- Okay, we're just
gonna come in.
- Hey, hey hey!
- No, no, get in the--
- Get him in,
get him in.
- It's fine.
- Hey nothin' to see here.
- Bud-buddies
from high school.
- Yeah we're cool,
it's all good.
- It's true!
- We're from the future!
- [ chuckles ]
Poppycock!
- In the future, Schwoz,
we're all friends!
- Eh, co-workers.
But we do know
everything about you.
- Okay then--
what's my favorite schnack?
- Worms.
- Okay.
What's my sister's name?
- Winnie.
- And what does she look like?
- A horse.
- Okay...ah.
What do I have
on my bottom?
- A birthmark.
- In the shape of...?
- Florida.
- Which is next to...?
- A mole.
- In the shape of...?
- Japan.
- Ayeeeeee!
You guys, you really
are from the future!!!'
- I know, I know.
- We told you.
[ groaning ]
- You said you knew
where Piper's doll
was buried.
- I know.
I was just wrong.
Is that such a bad thing?
To be wrong?
- What's good about
stupid information?
Ooo good,
they have mustard.
- What are you
gonna put mustard on?
- Piper's here!
- Oh heyyyy Piper.
- Oh look, it's Piperrrrr.
- Uh, you guys are
standing in my kitchen...
and you're filthy...
and you're holding shovels.
- Well...sure.
- 'Cuz we're rehearsing,
for a play.
- Uh-huh.
A play?
Theatre, nice.
- You should probably leave.
- Where's Henry?
- Exactly.
- Riiight?
- Okay, your lies
are boring me,
and I need you guys
to get outta here.
- Awww whyyy?
- Awww don't be like that.
- Just let us stay
and rehearse.
- No!
I'm expecting
an important phone call
from this guy in my class
who's friends with Josh Larkin!
- Uh...
- Who's Josh Larkin?
- He's the new boy
in my school
who's smart,
super sweet,
and he talked to me
at lunch today!
- Wait-wait-wait...
did you say Josh LARKIN?
- Like, JOSH Larkin?
- Yeah why?
- 'Cuz heeee
was just here!
- Y-yeah,
like ten minutes ago.
- What?!?
No he wasn't here.
- Yeah, he was here!
- He was, standing in that,
in that doorway!
And y'know
he just, DING DONG.
- Okay,
what'd he look like?
- Like, like, whoa...
- What color was his hair?
- Oh uh, like
brown brownish...
- Like light medium...
- Medium-brown...
- Brownish...
- But not too light...
- Not too dark...
- So like brown hair?!?
- Yeah. Pretty much.
- Totally.
- And, and he said
he was new at your school.
- He is!
Wait, why'd he
come here?!?
What'd he say?!?
- He said that he wanted
to hang out with you.
- [ gasps ]
- So we told him to
come back in about an hour.
- AHHHHHH!
What!
I...I gotta go
take a shower!!!
- Yeah, go take
a nice long shower!
- He'll be impressed,
make sure the water's okay!
- Don't even worry about us.
- Whooooaaaaa!
And then what happened?
- And then, Drex jumped
into the time portal,
so Henry and I
followed him through,
and that's how
we got here, to 1989.
- Oh.
- Hey, I have a question
for Schwoz...
- Yes?
- What are you doing
to your underwear dude?
- I'm steaming them.
- But why.
- To get the wrinkles out!
- Not that Schwoz!!!
I'm not talkin' about
your college panties!
We gotta know why
Drex came here to 1989!
- Maybe he just picked
a random time and place.
- Nah.
I know Drex.
He picked 1989
for some reason.
There's gotta be
something about today.
[ knock on door ]
- Hey, Schwoz...
everything okay in here?
- Oh ya.
I'm just steaming
my underpants.
- Ah. Smart.
- Uh, guys,
that is my friend, Yim,
from campus security.
- Yim.
- 'Sup Yim?
- It's Jim.
I'm Jim.
- So Yim, eh...
Who is...
- Ohhh, this is
my son, Pango--
today's national
"Take Your Kid To Work" Day.
- I wanna go to the zoo.
- No zoo!
- But--
- Go get in the van!
You all stay safe now.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- Probably shouldn't yell
at your kid like that.
- Ahhh!
My favorite commercial!!!
Have you guys
seen this one?
- Where's the beef?!?
- Baaaa-ha ha ha ha ha!
She never knows
where the beef is!
- Turn that off!!!
- Ayeeee!
- Where's the be--?!?
- Ray...
what's goin' on in your head?
- That...
that guy...
he said it was
"Take Your Kid To Work" Day.
- Yeah, so?
- So...
OH MY GOD.
- What?
What?
- My Dad takes me
to work today.
Young me,
eight year old me.
My Dad takes me
to Glass Tech
for Take Your Kid
To Work Day.
Henry, this is the day
that I become indestructible,
don't you see?
- Yes! Sorta! No!
- That's why Drex came here!
He's gonna try to stop me
from going to work with my dad,
so I don't get densitized!
- So you don't become
indestructible!
- Which means
no Captain Man...
- No Kid Danger...
- We gotta stop Drex!!!
- Let's go,
lets go!!!
- We don't have a car.
- Or a bike.
- Can you give us a ride?
- We're are still
pretty hungry.
- If we could borrow
like twenty bucks...
- Where is the beef?
[ oven bell ]
- Mmm.
Captioning performed by
Teleperformance Rapidtext.